Hi, my name is Chung Yunseong.
I am a 3rd year computer science student at National Univerity of Singapore
Although it seemed like English, something was not right. I was uneasy while watching my
father, who was a system analyst, sitting next to me and typing in an unfamiliar language
using his laptop. Some words were coloured in orange, blue and purple while his indentations
were not consistent. My confusion must have been filling the room as my father started
explaining his work out of a sudden. He said he was talking to his laptop in its language to
run programs. Later, I realized that it was a script written in SQL, an effective programming
language. I began to wonder what it would be like to compile my codes and this thought has
made me delve into the world of Computer Science.
While keeping academic excellence, I started running my code in Python without further
hesitation as it was one of the most approachable programming languages. From printing out
basic statements to using if-else statements, my code grew longer day by day. The function
which had caught my attention was ‘loops’. There were many types of loops: ‘for-loops’,
‘while-loops’ and ‘do while-loops’. Among them, the mechanism of the ‘for-loops’ was the
most interesting yet surprising. When a list containing multiple items was given, the
‘for-loops’ iterated over the list to analyse each item in the list one by one rather than
analysing the list as a whole. It has also allowed me to give specific conditions to each item
by using if statements and modify them based on my preferences. Studying different
operations and performing unique tasks have added greater interest in my self-learning and
encouraged me to study deeper.
After learning the advanced concept on loops - ‘Nested Loops’, I decided to challenge myself
by conducting a simple self-project. It involved the application of loops, using both
‘for-loops’ and ‘while-loops’ in a nested loop. Precisely, it was a single identifier that could
iterate values in a list to find the maximum number entered by a user. Firstly, I had prepared a
‘for-loop’ and a ‘while-loop’ separately by solving sample practices. Then, I started
constructing a nested loop once I had completely understood the concept of each loop.
However, my code returned errors, which I did not understand its source. After patient
analysis, I realized that there were missing indentations inside the nested loop. When it ran
successfully after the correction, a strong sense of achievement overwhelmed me. I believe
this is only a beginning as more sophisticated projects are awaiting me at HKUST.
Being a young music talent, I was involved in diverse events as a percussionist. I have joined
the school marching band as a xylophone player and performed in several major events. The
xylophone is an instrument that has to be played with extreme accuracy as it is prone to
making sharp, uncomfortable noise. To play a perfect tone, I practised the same music piece
repeatedly until I made no mistune, which had shaped my persistent and hardworking
character. I was also a vice-president of a Korean traditional instruments band. Being the
decision-maker, I had to choose suggestions that could lead to the finest results. Having these
acquaintances, I am proud to present myself to excel in HKUST.